Commandments:

1. A warning not to use this knowledge as a moral superiority tool as so many before have.
 
Justice served without care creates further justice to be served.
Once Served, this Justice has turned into Injustice bound to others and not Justice.



2."Earth without us ends a story... 
   Without it! There never were worries"

Once a week meditating on the 5 W's of life. Once a month a twin meditation which involves a fellow believer or a closed one that seeks to understand the metaphysical of the willed intent,
The 5 w's
-WHEN
-WHERE
-WHY
-WHAT FOR
-WHO(M for)

This practice of introspection asking yourself these 5 W's when in doubt, when troubled, when faced with adversity while not a guaranteed change will allow any wielder of its intent to learn about the situation and at the very least earn insights upon which the ground they tread.


3. Spiritual Projection. a conscious effort to will one's desires into intent and to manifest them into a projected through a now willed intent of ones desires that can manifest into physical stimuli especially when targeting sensitive people to willed intent... Empaths and people whom are very much reactive and with little self control are prime examples of people whom feel the willed intent of others simply by being in close proximity to these Egos projecting strong desires.

in essence, BODY/MIND/SOUL, POWER/INTENT/EGO, and LACK OF FORM/WILL/ MEMORIES OF THE FLESH are all the same systems of relationships they are the same things all 3 systems but in different stages if you will... the Body mind and soul is the solid stage. The gas which represents the back and forth between both is that of Power Intent and Ego. both of those a prelude to the strength of a liquid stage... that of a lack of form making Willed intent a necessity to survive as without a body, without the system of power that is the body that can store this energy, a being without a body must then rely on its own mind to process its memories into a shape.



SOUL/EGO/memory of the flesh.  
The first set of BODY MIND AND SOUL are what constitutes the living humans they however also have an alternative use, that of EGO INTENT and POWER.
         MIND/Intent/Will The reason for mind being INTENT is because the mind is what carries perspectives it is what refines the memories of the flesh also known as the ego
         BODY/Power/lack of form. The reason for the second interpretation being power is because the body is a vassal of power that contains your EGO and protect it in the same medal, the veins in one's body are like what the mighty north flowing and regular rivers are in the spiritual world a massive threshold for any would be aggressors on one's BODY MIND AND SOUL which we can refer to as the SELF that one is.
This requires a certain 'openness' it is a principle relying on the INTENT of the SOUL 



God

From my observations, God seems to exist in a cycle opposite to us Humans and mortals. Where as we see our lives as chaotic and death as the ultimate stable fact of all life, for God when it dies is the creation of our chaotic lives and when it lives the end of its decay, stability.

A cycle might go something like this.

A consciousness with the memories of the world's matter recorded through the energy signature of decay that acts similarly to a binary code for a computer.

God knows all through this fabric that reacts with this decay and registers the loss of energy during matter and energy conversions, during decay and transformations. However there is something more important then this.

When the world is, God cannot be as he already IS... The world is gods body, the natural laws shards of its once mighty consciousness broken into simple wills to be. Its ego becoming lost in the cosmic dance of the present and thus disallowing God to be as the world is until the world stops its transformation and decay, limiting the input of information allowing the formation of consciousness from this God again having experienced the binary code of this dark matter and gaining perspective to repeat this anew not just out of self righteousness but because God when it IS has no dominion, only the frozen shell and its memories it can no longer experience as such repeats this cycle breaking into the big bang and waiting for the heath death of the universe. 

God is all forgiving because ANY perspective and observations, ANY memories processed by observers like humanity can allow it greater future insight and balance.

God is all powerful but seems so lacking because us humans are ants stuck in a vivarium wondering where god is when the world isn't.

To be more specific. The Body of god is the molecules and physical reality we observe. the Mind of God being divided into mindless but ever present wills to be manifested as natural laws, while its soul is 'hidden' in plain sight within dark matter as those are the memories of the world and by extension god.

This means that When god is whole, the universe in body has died, the mind has collected into the same form as the memories held within the world, this is the birth of god. A god all powerful yet without a kingdom to rule over once it is, this is the reason god uses itself to experience the next world, but also to grow itself as the more complex a world is, the more observations it will take, leading to the purpose of life being systems of observations that refine memories of the world for themselves so that god doesn't have to once becoming one again. It uses life to avoid the pitfalls of omnipresence and omnipotence which would normally make any being stuck in a limbo of inaction for knowing what would happen if they did act in advance thus removing the point of acting. 







